About us: Millhouse Productions is a multimedia content company.  This means we specialize in both original content creation direct from the Millhouse brand and consultative services to clients who want a multimedia solution.  We got our start when founder Leo Milano decided to shoot a Halloween video to win a prize offered by Home Run Inn Pizza. He grabbed his fathers digital camera and never looked back. 
Millhouse productions if first and foremost a production company as it says it in our name. We have a team of creative minds that collaborate to write and create original content. We have produced short movies, web series, trailers, and even a feature film. Our creative team is always writing and collecting scripts for our future projects (if you would like to submit content click link). What separates Millhouse from other production companies? We pride ourselves on two main things that we believe sets our company apart. We are young. Millhouse production’s founder Leo Milano is only 24 and uses his youth to create content that identifies with todays youth and young adults. Secondly, we have the tech. We shoot all of our content on RED. Because we own the RED we offer services to customers as well as produce content at a low cost. Through our partnership with Cinaspace Chicago we are able to get specialized equipment that allows to shoot an extremely divers range of content for cheap! Not only does this allow us to produce more content it also allows us to produce high quality content for our clients through our Multimedia Consulting Service. 
Consultative Services: Millhouse productions also offers custom consultative solutions to our customers. We provide both specialized and all in one solutions. Who are our clients? Anyone who needs multimedia content to grow their brand. We have worked with musicians, corporations, not for profits, models, Instagram models, start ups, actors, writers and directors. What is our content? Music videos, commercials, promotional videos, modeling videos and pictures, short films, web series, social media consultation and much more. We come at this from a unique perspective of people who are in tune with the unique challenges of creating content that stands out in a time where multimedia is everywhere. 
